[Music]
artemus they knew you'd come
Artemis Fowl is character who was
exciting and different he's 12 years old
at a criminal mastermind the story began
in Owen coffers imagination the author
of these eight novels I just fell in
love with this idea of a 12 year old
Bond villain who discovers the world of
technology and magic and I just clicked
to my eyes and here we are eight books
later and you know tens news copies I'm
very thrilled to have Kenneth Branagh
involved it was almost too good to be
true
the books are exhilarating it travels to
different worlds some quite fantastical
Jim play has created from the ground up
these extraordinary sets were enormous
ly fortunate to have such a amazing cast
including the extraordinary Judi Dench
the terrific Nonso Anozie a the
wonderful Josh guard and the amazing
Colin Farrell and introducing a
brilliant young actor playing the
leading role
Ferdie ashore it's time to face your
destiny
I'm really interested to have the
audience lean forward into a story that
just might be true the idea that there
might just be something in those ancient
myths that may have a deeper meaning so
I'm excited to take people on that
adventure scared Artemis a little bit
but I prefer scared to dead
[Applause]
[Music]